one more so she started the clanwar attacks
next night full 9 it means that
we are here or here we see negros say
honestly with honest blacks i'm not attacking
we are generally able therefore to comment
somehow it is so he will hardly succeed me
but I will try it while it happens
elementary things lures in crowns
cash register why spend magician why you
poppy is spent and quite a few of you
stays for killing honkasta seems
heroes of the end will be used
it would be possible to take valka which this
clan touch one turn
destroyed I do not know the only thing that even
what is it that 40 blacks on 9 there remembers it
lot
because even though floor 9 is like
all the same such here these 10
there floor throws frost on the queen grandfather
frost on the queen scatters jars
phase
throws jars ahead of the curve so
that one jar was not a jar all
until it goes well it will be destroyed and
he still has heroes
just about the most important mistake of this base in
the fact that there are holes here
holes supposedly someone smart one who
owns this base also put the
test Well here I am such a tricky hole in
the base is such a trap
nothing like what's done with such
Dies for the future, remember if
Take such bases with you I do not know
giant k1
you let here and better take the barbarians
take the barbarians here k come here and
lure the battles of his soldiers
literally two or three barbarians and no plank
will lure out without any heat
all why all because there is
holes here it is insulting it is insulting and it
annoyingly it's not good 99 percent neither
Defoe one building on the basis of left and
all why and all because it was taken
with
and how was the little archers taken up for
luring parks and wasting money
smog
but that's okay somebody will finish
this opponent in fact here are three
the stars and it's beautiful it means everything goes
well and there is no reason for panic and
leaf that
what are you now
I did not understand stop stop stop now
personally watched as the nickname filled in 99
percent and two stars
but clash of clans shows me 3
stars
although I recorded a video on video
two stars
that he did not have enough time to look more
time means it doesn’t get robbed all over
database who did not catch
see my comments for the first time
now it means everything runs all here
explodes everything breaks starts off
skeleton plank will go in a circle with
so with these attempts to get to
center in the end now this whole edge plus
bear king long fence karon long
fence mages dishes store precisely one
Macbeth storage and that's who does not remember here
at this moment I was getting
the fight stopped and there was 99 percent
2 stars
but somehow it will continue
yourself advice the fight goes on and
some time left to finish
no it is of course good it is us
only at hand because the extra star
in the piggy bank the clan is never too much
it is absurd absurd did not sound but still
this game never ceases to amaze me